get_nwbfile_version/get_nwb_version: Fix parsing pre-semver version specifiers (#2118)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/pynwb: CHANGELOG.md

# PyNWB Changelog

## Unreleased

- Fixed parsing of the nwb_version attribute which followed the previous suggestion to have  a `NWB-` prefix.

>   @t-b [#2116](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/pynwb/pull/2116)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unreleased

### Fixed
- Fixed parsing of the nwb_version attribute which followed the previous suggestion to have a `NWB-` prefix.
  @t-b [#2118](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/pynwb/pull/2118)
```
